know everything so I was thinking I have
actually never done an outfit of the day
video so this is gonna be my first and
I'm really excited to share with you
guys basically what's happening today is
that my cousin Tammy is having a baby
shower she's gonna have a little boy
I think she's naming Jack anyway I'm
really really excited so I've put
together a special outfit that I want to
share with you guys okay so this is what
I'm wearing today I read your little
spin pants
so basically what I'm wearing is a
Helmut Lang jacket is very thin and it's
just really it's I love it because it's
casual but it's also quite sophisticated
and it has this a little bit of leather
detail on the top and it has these
adjustable straps here that you can fold
your sleeves up I'm also wearing
underneath this top by an English brand
called hosts I'm sorry it's a Spanish
brand called hosts and intro via and my
friend actually she's a fashion designer
actually and she traveled to London and
bought me a bunch of really amazing
things that she taught me this top I
love it because it just kind of you know
flows down and it's kind of I don't know
it's cool it's like that all around and
then Chris Kurt I'm wearing a Phillip
Lim pencil skirt stretchy it's more
elastic here at the top and it's quite
tight fitting I'm its tight fitting all
around but it has just BAM that kind of
goes across like this so it gives you
that you know that really nice shape and
it goes all the way down and then for my
I'm wearing PSVita they're suede black
and these are great because you can
match them with you can wear a long
pants with them you can wear skirt as
you can see and if you wear it with a
skirt like this it just kind of makes it
a little bit more casual but chic so I
love that I've also got my mulberry
Alexa which in this gorgeous brown color
which just goes with everything I love
it
with this gold detail on the side and
yeah I used to spend a lot it's great
it's really really convenient and it
ages really really well it comes just
like then did you look which I love I'm
also wearing a bracelet which I got from
Stella dot this trunk show that my
friend was holding a while back so it's
really you know it's costume jewelry but
it's really really nice I like the way
the shape just kind of molds to your
hand I've also got my Rolex day just in
white gold bezel and stainless steel and
that's just you know kind of like an
everday aware that I have something that
I wear just like on an amber day
occasion I also with my makeup again
it's very natural very neutral today I'm
just wearing you know earth tones very
just casual gonna ghosty you know my
friend celebrate her baby showers so
it's just you know really nice kind of
daytime event to attend nothing too
flashy and I've just kind of got my hair
how I usually have it loose waves volume
a little bit bouncing so I'm gonna do
another spin for you guys it's my outfit
of the day and yeah hope you guys
enjoyed that